i think my hours in the game are up to
like i don't know 140.
i've played 50 hours since the last
video
what are you at
[Laughter]
265 for kim 265
hours 265 hours
between march 20th and
april 27th
265 hours
in 38 days
people don't take this problem seriously
because they're not willing to admit to
themselves
that there really is something more
meaningful
that they could be doing with their time
and that that
really matters it matters for who they
are as an individual and it matters
for who we are as a society and yeah
there is a strange element
of gender here gender and kind of ageism
like oh she's a young conventionally
good-looking woman
and therefore there's nothing more
meaningful
there's no higher level of
responsibility
she could be trying to live up to
there's nothing more important
she could be doing with her time
nobody is born special
nobody we're all born lazy
and self-indulgent and dumb and if we
keep on living a life that's lazy and
self-indulgent
we will remain dumb
we're all born the type of person who
would enjoy
playing video games and video games are
created to be children's entertainment
to cater to that side of human nature
you're looking at an image of a young
woman
who obviously as a child or as a
teenager
wanted to be a singer to some extent
guess guess what she did with her life
she's standing for election right now
around age 20 she got involved with
activism in
flint michigan 23
started standing for election for state
representative
got involved in politics trying to make
a positive difference
in the world not everybody plays
video games not everybody
makes excuses for wasting their life
playing video games and in case you
think that carly hammond is some kind of
unimpeachable exemplar of virtue
no she's not no she's not if you put her
name into
youtube you're going to find that the
main thing she's known for
is a sex scandal that led to jordan
sheridan being fired
i completely despised jordan sheridan by
the way i
i think he should have been fired for
many reasons but whatever carly hammond
is not somebody i particularly
sympathize with
politically she's not somebody i regard
as particularly
intelligent or talented that's that's
not my point
nobody is born special
we all grew up playing video games
and if you didn't because you were
raised in some kind of strange religious
context or poverty-stricken context
where you didn't have
video games you grew up doing
something equally dumb
we all grew up with dreams of like being
a singer or being a famous actor
or being a model and if you didn't
you grew up with dreams of being or
doing
something equally dumb and
childish some of us
grow up some of us put away
childish things stop playing video games
stop trying to be a rock star or stop
trying to be a singer
or a model and what we start doing
is pursuing a more meaningful life for
ourselves
and others some of us
i'm a big fan of the game like i said i
played the wii one
however long ago that was that was the
the first one i played
and it is one of
two games that i can say i legitimately
became obsessed with to the point where
i was like
shirking responsibilities to the point
where i had to actually stop myself
playing the game because it was just not
it was not
uh it was not a good
habit to have you know it wasn't good
for me i hope
you are enjoying animal crossing if you
do play
and how many hours have i put into this
that's a good question
210 hours or more i think it all boils
down to this ways video games might be
bad for you
you could be doing other things instead
with your money with your time with your
relationships
thoughts energy and your body that's
pretty much it what you can do you can
overdo everything in moderation i think
one of the reasons why i got so good at
mario
so fast was because i was in a
time of my life when i was actually uh
had nothing else to do and i never went
out and i didn't really have any friends
anymore
i didn't want to go out i didn't like
where i was living so all i did all day
every day for like a year was play mario
nothing else is video game addiction
nothing i have never once heard someone
say that they've ruined their university
education
because they were spending too much time
watching the news
video game addiction exists on
epidemic levels in our society and part
of the problem is precisely
that people are trained to be video game
addicts
by their own parents from early
childhood forward nobody like encouraged
me
to watch the news and watching the news
or listening to the news
is something i can do while i'm washing
dishes or
while i'm lifting weights of the gym or
while i'm walking to the grocery store
and grocery shopping
stop pretending that you can compare
watching television to playing video
games yes
potentially people could
waste as much time watching the news
on tv as they spend playing video games
but even so
the news could not possibly be
as meaningless as much of a
sucking void in their lives as
playing video games factually
is saying you could have done something
better with your time denies the actual
possible benefits of video games which
i'll talk about later also if you do
anything
read a book learn some crap build
something draw something listen to music
you will always could have done
something else instead
these excuses are never going to work
qualitatively and they're never going to
work
quantitatively nothing
else is comparable to playing video
games
you might think you have spent
a hundred hours reading a book it might
feel like you spent 100 hours
reading a book your perception of time
subjectively when you're engaged in hard
work
or even just the focused state of mind
it takes to read in your native language
it may feel like a lot of time is
passing
but challenge yourself to record how
much time you actually spend
reading a book how many hours it takes
you'd be surprised
this guy reports that he takes about 12
hours to read a 300 page book for you it
may be more
it may be less i guarantee you are not
spending
100 hours per book this guy with the
beard admits that he played the whole of
legend of zelda breath of the wild that
probably took him
about 100 hours and you know what i
doubt
carly hammond has spent 265 hours
on her campaign to get herself elected
state representative for the 95th
district if she actually tracked how
many hours she put into it
it may well be less time than this other
chick put into playing this meaningless
video game one of my main criticisms of
political activism
is that people tend not to take
seriously how much time it wastes
how liberally they're presuming to take
up hours and hours of people's time so
if you do anything
read a book learn some crap build
something draw something listen to music
you will always could have done
something else instead
nothing else is really comparable
to video games even if you were to take
seriously his argument like well you
could be spending the time
reading a book you could be spending the
time drawing a picture
do you know anyone who spends 265 hours
in a month drawing a picture 265 hours
in a month
reading a book and even if you did
quantitatively know someone who was that
devoted
to the arts or to learning through
reading books
it still would not be comparable to
video games qualitatively
because that activity would not be this
kind of
meaningless black hole in your life and
i can guarantee
carly hammond's political career even if
it ends in failure even if it's
disappointing and heartbreaking in many
ways
it will not be the kind of meaningless
hole in her life that playing video
games
factually objectively is for all of us
right here right now
[Music]